I'm standing on the sacred emptiness
that defined a civilization define the
history and progress of so many
civilizations this unremarkable stone
staircase this barren wall and the flat
platform above it is what is called in
English the Penix I could say it's
called that in English I could say it's
called that in the broken form of Anglo
Greek how we mispronounced Greek in
English and this is where Athenian
democracy began but this is where it
flourished in this absence in this
nothingness in a very real sense there
is nothing to see here
and there's nothing to learn from
standing on these rocks not even if you
take the time to read a history book and
figure out exactly at what point on the
wall there used to be a statue of zeus
or approximately where there used to be
a water clock to time the proceedings
when people gave lectures but if you
wanted to come here to athens to in some
sense touch the history of democracy you
would not be going to that famous
religious edifice on the opposite
mountain facing us here you would be
ascending these stairs more or less to
the empty space of what now remains of
the finnex
the first parliament so to speak of
ancient Athenian democracy